Made Themes page more elaborative (#4)
WemXPro/documentation: developers/themes.md

In this example, we will be creating a new client theme called Material 

1. Duplicate the default theme folder `resources/themes/client/tailwind` to `resources/themes/client/material`
2. Inside the root of the newly created theme folder you will find a file called `theme.php` here you can specify the new name. Make sure to change the name to Material

> 3. Duplicate the all the default service and module folders
> ```
> e.g. app/Services/Universal/Resources/views/client/tailwind -> app/Services/Universal/Resources/views/client/material
> or
> Modules/Affiliates/Resources/views/client/tailwind to Modules/Affiliates/Resources/views/client/material
> ```

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. Duplicate all the default service and module folders, for example
- app/Services/Universal/Resources/views/client/tailwind `->` app/Services/Universal/Resources/views/client/material
- Modules/Affiliates/Resources/views/client/tailwind `->` Modules/Affiliates/Resources/views/client/material
```
